feat(30-day-warranty): SAP known instance teaser (#679)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: patterns/2-structured/30-day-warranty.md

- GitHub internally uses this pattern with a modified warranty timeline of 6 weeks.
- Microsoft recommends this pattern as a principle - teams set their own specific time target matching their needs and confidence.

> - SAP - see: [InnerSource: First Contribution Explored](https://community.sap.com/t5/open-source-blogs/innersource-first-contribution-explored/ba-p/13644916)
>   - Explore how SAP's InnerSource-based Everest project leverages the '30 Day Warranty' pattern to transform collaboration, ensuring contributions are not just accepted but also supported, enhancing trust and driving forward the culture of shared responsibility and innovation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SAP leverages this pattern in their InnerSource-based Everest project to transform collaboration, ensuring contributions are not just accepted but also supported, enhancing trust and driving forward the culture of shared responsibility and innovation. See: [InnerSource: First Contribution Explored](https://community.sap.com/t5/open-source-blogs/innersource-first-contribution-explored/ba-p/13644916)
```

Reviewer: I reworded this, so that It sounds more similar to the other Known Instance descriptions above. Actually I made it sound less like a teaser in a newspaper :) Sorry about that confusion, as I know that I used that term before.

Also keeping it to one row per org in terms of formatting.
